# Stats-preview-card-challenge
This was my first project after studying web development for a couple of months. I was told by my mentors to try to apply the knowledge i learned to an actual project to check how much I had retained. Front-End Mentor hooked me up with a project which captured my eye. It was visually captivating, so i started right away. I was eager to build something on my own. I was able to breeeze through the intial html markup and I was able to color the text and the initial background without breaking a sweat. Then i entered the styling and arranging part of the project and my progress drew to a grinding halt.

I could not get the image in the project to align at all!!. All my knowledge had failed me at that point, like karna at the battle of mahabharata. I reached out to my mentors@slack front end community and they reassured me that it was all part of the learning curve. So with my spirits up and motivation re-ignited, i dove into the problem head-on. I re-watched the tutorials of my course and things started to make sense again. I had my 'Aha' moment when i re-watched the part on Flex-box specifically the display-flex property and 'Flex-direction'. With which i finally was able to align the whole page.

The final trouble i had with the project was figuring out how to colour the image with a purple tint. The only way i got it about similar was when i gave the background-colour of the whole page to purple and added opacity to the image. It worked, kind-of but it wouldnt have fulfilled the requirements of the project. So i went back to the ever helpful Slack Front-End community and a community member helped me out by giving the solution. After that had some trouble making the project responsive with breakpoints, but nothing like had faced before. I spent some time with the problem and 'voila' finally the project was responsive and I had finished my first project.

Observations:
Practising coding everyday is directly proportional to your ability to use the knowledge that you learnt from tutorials and you learn to apply them. Stay with the problem, if you spend enough time with an issue you will eventually figure it out. Also have an outline ready before you start a project as to how you are going to structure it, trust me it will save you a lot of time spent writng and rewriting code. Those are my observations from my first project man cant wait for the next one. Until next time!!:)
